add `REACT_APP_PLAYGROUND_ALLOW_STORAGE` environment variable (#47)
webdocs-dev/yari: docs/envvars.md

- Sets the host name for the playground iframe. Set this to `localhost:5042`
  when working on playground functionality.

### `REACT_APP_PLAYGROUND_ALLOW_STORAGE`

**Default: `true`**

> Sets whether playground is allowed to use client-side storage APIs (e.g.
> cookies, `localStorage`). If this is set to `true`, each playground will be
> given a unique subdomain of `REACT_APP_PLAYGROUND_BASE_HOST` for isolation.
> Otherwise, all playgrounds will use the same origin, so you won't need to set up
> a wildcard DNS record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets whether the playground is allowed to use `localStorage` and `document.cookie`.
If this is set to `true`, each playground will be given a unique subdomain of `REACT_APP_PLAYGROUND_BASE_HOST` for isolation. Otherwise, all playgrounds
will use the same origin, so you won't need to set up a wildcard DNS record.
```
